Well, good evening, family. Thank you
for joining us again today. We're going
to pray tonight. I'm going to pray more
than talk, right? I say that every
single time. Let's see what
Braden has for us on the news today.
There's a lot going on. And I
get excited because every
day I turn on the news, when Braden
updates me on all the things he finds
throughout the day, he says, "Daddy,
this is it."It just
gets—the
coming of the Lord Jesus Christ, you can
see the signs of the times all around
us. You have to be completely
spiritually dead to not see it. I
don't see how anybody could say, "Oh no,
Brandon, Jesus is not coming back for a
long time."I'm like, "No, look around
you. Jesus is coming. It's time to get
excited."If
you are a believing
believer who has their eyes to the sky,
you're looking inside your heart,
your lamp is full of oil, you know that
Jesus Christ is coming and he's coming
sooner than we think because you
have that expectation. You feel it
inside. Especially if you're his
beloved, you're his bride. The bride
knows. Why? Because they
have intimacy. They know that
the groom is right
there. Jesus Christ is standing at the
door. And I truly believe we're about to
see the greatest harvest of souls this
world has ever seen before. Some people
ask me, "Brandon, do you have anything
good to say? Do you have things positive
to say?"Not a lot of things. I think a
lot of things are harbinger words.
They're words of warning the
Lord gives me. But I do
have this to tell you: Jesus Christ is
coming and he has a plan for your life,
and healing and deliverance belongs to
you. And I believe with all my heart
we're about to see arms grow out, legs
grow out, eyes come back when you
had no eyes. Maybe you need a new
kidney. Maybe you need a new liver.
Maybe you need a new something. But
with
Jesus, all things are possible
to him who believes. And I believe in
this generation right now, we're about
to see signs and wonders because God is
a God of signs. God is a God of the
exceedingly abundantly above all that
you dare ask or think. As we see all the
darkness and all the things happening
all around us,
we know as the body of Christ we're in
that cleft of the rock. I'm not
concerned about the financial things I
see. I'm not concerned about wars or
rumors of wars. I'm not concerned about
plagues. Yeah, it's a little
disheartening and it makes your
flesh, but don't get weary.
Don't take on the
burden of it. I just keep my eyes on
him. I'm fully persuaded
that what he promised he's able
also to perform. And so I'm excited
because I know my blessed assurance is
Jesus. "Blessed assurance, Jesus is
mine! Oh, what a foretaste of glory
divine! Heir of salvation,
purchase
of God, born of his Spirit, washed
in
his blood."I believe
with all my heart that's you and me. And
as believing believers, we're not
doubters. We're overcomers. And I
believe the best is yet to come for the
body of Christ. Yeah, we're going to see
darkness. Yeah, we're going to see
trials and tribulations. He's told us.
"But be of good cheer, I've overcome
them all. I've overcome death. I've
overcome sickness and disease. I've
overcome it all."Why? Jesus paid the
price for you and me to walk in victory.
Ain't that wonderful? Jesus already paid
it all. It's like having somebody
who bought you a really nice
something and you think you got to pay
for it. They say, "No, it's free.
It's been given to you. Grace is free. I
gave it to you, son. I gave you healing.
I gave you whatever you need. Salvation.
I paid the price for you to walk in
victory."And
so, I want you to be
encouraged today. You're a believing
believer and you're not a doubter.
We have that overcoming faith on
the inside of us. We're wall-to-wall Holy
Ghost. And the moment we die, to
be absent from the body is to
be present with the Lord. So if you tell
me, "Well, Brandon, I'm believing for my
healing and I've only got so many days
left,"I
believe that Jesus is the
miracle-working
God. But I want to
encourage you, even if you don't receive
your miracle on this side of the earth,
you still got your victory on the other
side. Don't let the devil beat you
down and say, "Well,
you're
running out of
time."No,
I'm not on your time scale. I'm on
God's. "Well, you still
haven't seen your full manifestation,
Brandon, for your daughter."I'm not
moved by it. I'm not
moved by what I see. I'm not moved by
what I feel. I'm moved by what the word
of God says. And by his stripes, Megan
is healed. By his stripes, I'm healed.
By his stripes, you're healed. And we
either stand on it, we are
believing believers that believe it, or
we don't. And I just have to be fully
persuaded just like Abraham. And even in
the deadness of Sarah's womb, even in
the deadness of Abraham—he was old.
He didn't have Viagra back then.
We were all going, "What's going
to happen with this old man?"But guess
what? God performed a miracle.
Signs and wonders
followed him that believe. He was a
hundred
years old. And look what God did. God
provided a son. Whenever it seemed to be
the most impossible thing to happen, God
provided the son. Here comes Isaac.
So, isn't that amazing? So, I just want
you to believe and be a believing
believer. I know I bring some very hard
things, but I want you to be encouraged
tonight that Jesus has you in the
cleft
of a rock and that the death angel may
pass by you, but it will not touch you.
Just like it was with the children of
Israel. We put the blood on our
children. You go and anoint your kids
with oil. You go in there and you
go, "Hey, little Johnny"or whoever,
you anoint them with oil. "I put the
blood over you in the name of Jesus. No
weapon formed against you will
prosper."I
anoint my son, my daughters with oil
all the time. My wife, we—I anoint my
kids with oil. I go
around—I
got this on Amazon. I got the one from
Billy Burke. Billy Burke blessed me with
this little box for Christmas. And I got
this, and I got the oils from him. I
used a lot of it. But yeah, but you
know, you maybe don't have some really
cool oil from Billy Burke, but I do. But
you can get yours off of Amazon
and
anoint your house with oil, anoint your
car with oil, anoint your
shoes with oil. I anoint everything.
Why? Because I believe in the power of
the blood. And this is a representation of
the blood of Jesus. Where the bloodline
is applied, the devil dares not cross. I
keep
applying
the blood. I make much of the blood. And
when you make much of the blood, the
blood makes much of you. That's why I
take communion. I got boxes of
communion
everywhere. You
take
communion. Why? Because
the power and the authority of the
believer is in the blood of Jesus.
It's what he did for you. When he said,
"It is finished,"he set out and did
everything that you needed done. He said it. He
said, "It is
finished."It's
done. So, I'm going to believe it.
But I anoint this and I put this on my
head and I just go in there and anoint
my kids, anoint my wife, and I
anoint my dogs. They got a lot of ticks
around. So, I say, "No, devil. You ain't
going to bring ticks in my house. All my
dogs, I anoint you with oil. I put the
blood on my dogs. I
cover this little dog in the blood of
Jesus.
I cover you in the blood.
You're a smart dog."A lot of people
call
their dogs dumb. I don't call my
dogs dumb.
"You're smart. You're the smartest of
your kind. You've never had a dog that's
been this smart."My dog does
tricks. It is potty-trained. "You're not
dumb, peeing on my floor."You're going to
be smart. I pray over it. I call those
things that be not as though they were.
You've
got to call those things that be not
as though they were and say it
out of your mouth, 'My dog is
smart,'because
life and death is in the power of your
tongue. So you're always calling your kids
dumb, or, 'Well, my husband is
a good-for-nothing.'I
speak blessing over your
husband. Not me, you ladies do that.
Braden, thanks a lot, Braden. You
speak blessing over your husband. You
speak blessing over your wife,
and I believe it. Don't curse them with
your words. 'Well, you're
good-for-nothing.'No,
I believe with all my heart
you're a blessing. You've got to say that
kind of stuff out of your mouth. What
you're living today is what you spoke
yesterday. What you'll be speaking today
is what you'll live tomorrow.
Life and death is in the power of your
tongue. The more you say it, the more
you're going to be living it. Out
of the abundance of the heart, the
mouth speaks. The more you say it, the
more you think it, the more you meditate
on it, the more you say it. And
if
you let that devil put those
thoughts in your head, the more they get
down in your heart, the more you say it.
Out of your belly
shall flow rivers of living water.
What's coming out of you?
What kind of river is coming out of you?
So, I say all that I
say—the
reason I'm saying all that is to say
this. The reason
I'm trying to tell you is, yeah, I say
these things and I'm trying to tell you,
but I don't let it in. I keep... It's like
my friend Billy Bird said, 'Keep the
bear outside the cabin. Keep the bear
outside. Don't let him
in.'I
know what's coming.
I know what I've seen. I'm fully
persuaded of what the Lord has told
me,
but I don't allow it inside of me.
I keep a wall of the blood around,
knowing that I'm just supposed to tell
you and warn you that you've got to get
your house ready, knowing that Jesus
Christ is coming, and there's a lot of
you that are not ready for Him to come.
As I look through this camera and
there's 3,300 people here right now, how
many of you know that you have
blessed assurance?
'Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine! Oh,
what a foretaste of glory
divine!'How
many of you are purchased by the blood?
How many of you are a child of the Most
High God? That's what you've got to ask
yourself. All the other stuff we see on
the earth right now doesn't matter. It's
where will you spend eternity. There's a
heaven to gain and a hell to shun. The
moment you take your last breath, where
will you spend eternity?
You say, 'Well, Brandon, I know Jesus.
I've known a lot about Jesus. My grandma
told me a lot...'No, but does He know
you? Have you confessed Him before
men?
Have you confessed Him? Have you been
water-baptized? Have you
dedicated your life to Jesus
Christ and said, 'Jesus, I make You my Lord
and personal Savior'?
If you haven't, then He doesn't know you.
I don't want to know a lot about
religion and a lot
of
things about the church. I want to know
Him personally.
I want to sit down and have fellowship
with Him,
because I'm not into religion—I cannot
stand it—but I'm into relationship.
I want Him. And as I was
meditating on things today, I
thought about things a lot as I
was
doing my work and doing things for
Diana,
helping Diana.
I was just thinking about where we are
with all the stuff going on with the
finances, and what the Lord spoke to us
last night, and
what I believe with this new industrial
move and all this new digital and all
these things that are about to spring
forth, and praying about the 14th,
praying about the World
Cup, praying over the NBA
Finals, praying over the terror in
the heartland, praying over so many
things. Just sitting there in my heart,
'God, where are You at today?
What's on Your heart? Where right
now is the harvest?'He said, 'Pray
for rain.
Pray for rain. Physical rain, spiritual
rain. Rain. Just pray for rain. Pray and
call the rain in, Brandon. The
drought—come
against the drought.
Pray for the rain to come in, in
Jesus'name,
from the north, the south, the east. We
call in this fresh drink of water over
Florida, over Texas, over Oklahoma, over
Mississippi, Alabama, over
Australia, Africa, wherever you
are. You have power and authority. Life
and death, like I said, is in your
tongue. What are you saying over your
area? I call rain in Jesus'name. I hear
the sound of an abundance of rain.'I keep
saying, 'Oh God, I thank You for the
rain. I thank You for the former and the
latter rain. I thank You for the Holy
Ghost outpouring. I thank You for the
rain.
I hear the sound of an abundance of
rain.'As
we're all getting in position,
isn't that wonderful? We're all getting
in position. What will you do with this
final harvest? What will you help Him
do? What's your job? You may be the
children's church worker.
You might be in the nursery helping out
with the crying babies. You may be a
parking lot attendant, but whatever you
do, in word and deed, do all to the
glory of God and do it with all your
heart, no matter what you're called to
do. You may say, 'Well, I'm just an
usher.'Thank
God for the ushers! Thank
God for the people who are passing the
plate and catching people. And maybe
you put the drape cloth
on—sister
somebody, whoever, had her skirt too
short, and you threw it on there so
she didn't do anything crazy at
church. She didn't know because she came in
off the street. You're a big part. Do
you see? God can use anybody, and you
could be the vital piece to keep
purity in that church.
You know, throw the drape cloth down
there. We just praise God for you,
sister. Don't ever look at what you do
as insignificant. You are significant.
Thank God for the people who are helping
in
the ministry of helps. So, it's time
you start looking at yourself as more than
what you do. And so I know with all my
heart God is about to... It's all hands on
deck right now—keeping the bathrooms
clean, keeping the floor clean. So I
wanted to encourage you with that
because there's a lot of people that get
down and think, 'Well, I'm an
insignificant
nobody. I don't have any part to
play.'Well,
Brandon, of course you
do.
You're talking in front of all these
people. But you know what? I was in
that place not even a couple of years ago,
being a janitor. How? Well, not a couple
of
years, but several years ago now.
I was there, and I thought that same way.
But if it wasn't for the people who were
in the ministry of helps,
that church would fall apart.
That church would fall apart. And so
we're so thankful for every single one
of you. Never ever look at yourself as
insignificant.
So, All right, Braden, do you have
anything?
Yeah,
I know. I don't know where that came
from, but I thought I was supposed to
say it.
Well, it came from the Lord.
Ready, go.
Do you have a microphone, Braden? They
sure want to hear you all the time.
They're always asking to hear
you.
Turn it on so they can hear you.
Tell them, say, 'Hello,
everybody!''Hello,
everybody. I'm Mr.
Ed.'Does
anybody remember Mr. Ed, the talking
horse? Do you remember that? It
was on... 'Hello, everybody. I'm
Mr.
Ed.'Does
anybody remember Mr.
Ed?
And then they said they have
these drones. They're talking about...
Okay, we've got to be quick.
You've
got to pray. What is this?
Oh, they have these
drones in China.
Okay, let's look at these drones. Let's
talk about what's going
on.
'Iran...'Oh,
and then, 'Iran attacked
Kuwait.'Okay,
so Iran just attacked Kuwait. Did
this happen today?
'Just an hour
ago.'Okay,
an hour ago, Iran attacked Kuwait.
Okay, now look at the... Show them that
video right there with all the missiles
coming in.
Boy, that's fun. Let's go to Kuwait.
Look at all that.
Goodness gracious. I
thought Donald Trump said we took out
all their stuff. Iran.
Surprise,
Mr. President. I don't think we got
everything. Look.
Yeah,
show that again. That looked like
Christmas.
Oh, the last one.
Yeah, that last one. That was
incredible. How many
hundreds of missiles do you think that
is? It looks like a firework show.
Wow.
Incredible. That's incredible.
Yeah.
Is that all like different ones, or
is that one just splitting into a bunch
and exploding or something?
Yeah, it could be a bunch
like a defense system. That is
incredible.
Yeah. Wouldn't you? I think we need to
pull over.
Allah is not going to save you, brother.
I hope
you—
Okay, keep going.
Yeah. And then, yeah,
they're attacking US bases in
Kuwait.
Okay, so these are the bases the
Lord warned us about. He said, "Pray for
the military bases in Kuwait. Pray for
the bases in Iraq, for they will be a
target."I
saw Abraham Lincoln. The Lord
said, "Pray for Abraham Lincoln."Now, I
don't know if Abraham Lincoln is still
in the water over there or
if it's been removed or whatever, but I
saw specifically to pray for Abraham
Lincoln. Pray for our military bases
in Kuwait and in Baghdad that an
escalation of things would try to take
place.
Then I saw the island completely
engulfed with fire for the oil.
I don't know if this is it.
Okay. "US carries out self-defense
strikes against Iran's drones and
missiles."Yeah,
so they're fighting back.
Okay,
yeah.
So this thing is not over yet. Obviously,
I told you they're not done.
They're
saying, "We have a peace agreement
for 60 days."I said, "No, it's not
going to happen."They didn't.
Okay, so next.
Okay, and then
you have this guy talking about Trump,
and then you
have—who
is that? Oh, that's Dr. Oz. So, Dr.
Oz. Okay. So, I've prayed over this a
lot concerning this. Now, this is what
I'm getting by the Spirit of the Lord
when I'm praying. There
are
certain things I just keep my
mouth shut.
This is Cuba.
Marco Rubio talking about Cuba again.
What?
Okay. So, there's Marco Rubio concerning
Cuba.
I told you liberation is coming to Cuba.
A major
government
flip is coming in the days ahead. And I
saw Rubio leading the charge, for he will
slay his tens of thousands, and
like David, and Saul would be JD
Vance, and he will slay his thousands.
And I said, "Rubio will rise up like a
leader and people will like him,
and this will be a major revival in
Cuba coming."Three major wells of
revival coming out of Cuba. Okay, so
what is he saying? Can we hear him?
Oh, yeah. Yeah,
Cuba
has sponsored terrorism. Cuba has
sponsored terrorism, and it
has
supported groups. For example, virtually
every left-wing, radical, violent
terrorist group in the Western
Hemisphere has at some point relied on
support from Cuba—the ELN, the FARC,
the FARC dissidents, including them, have
been involved there. We also know, for
example, that Cuba continues to host a
pretty substantial collection
of
intelligence sites on behalf of the
Chinese and the Russians. But you
look at the region, and you look at all
of these leftist, Marxist terrorist
organizations. All of them, in many cases,
got—if
I can move on. I noticed you
did not answer my question because my
question is specifically related to
whether there was new evidence, new
evidence to support that conclusion. I
can just tell you,
why would I need new evidence?
Because you're claiming that they're
a state sponsor of terrorism, suggesting
they're ongoingly involved in that. My
final question: Cuba
has—interesting.
That's a good clip. Thanks,
Braden.
Next. All right, and then they're saying the Legislative
Clarity Act was
added
to
the
Senate legislative
calendar, making it eligible for full
Senate
consideration. When is it on
the calendar for?
Do we know?
Yeah. Okay, and then they're
saying that they have these—not the
right one, of course—but this one they
have
around that thing.
Okay, show them that.
That's interesting.
So, we got robots looking at stuff
in—is
that Boston?
Yeah, they're saying Boston
Dynamics
robots are starting
to patrol
World Cup facilities
in—okay,
so they're going to be in World
Cup facilities. So, they're looking for
terrorist stuff in New York with these
robots walking around
Dallas. Yeah,
in Dallas.
Yeah, they need to put a bunch of
those out there.
They need like a dozen of those things
walking around.
They're sniffing. They're sniffing for
nuclear devices. I guarantee you they
have sniffers on those. Don't you
think
they're sniffing for nuclear stuff?
They're sniffing for radioactive,
biological dirty bombs and things like
that on that.
I guarantee you those robots are really
smart, and they're testing the
air. They're testing everything.
Okay. And then they're saying that there
was a shooting prevented by police
discussion on Discord. On Discord,
they're having a chat on Discord or
whatever;
they found that.
Who is this? Where is this at?
Let me see. Seattle.
Seattle. So, a mass shooting was stopped
in Seattle.
So he had a shotgun, but—yep. And
what? So, all glory to God for that. That
guy was stopped.
Okay, let me see. Oh, yeah.
Okay, now I saw trains full of chemicals
coming out of the Mississippi, Alabama area.
And I saw—oh, this is Pakistan?
Yes. Is this how they're
doing
that?
Well, I saw it in America, and the Lord
said, "Pray over our oil well, oil
tankers, because I saw them coming
out."And
I saw, last time we were praying, I saw
devices that were placed on the
railroad tracks used for derailment,
that they would try to have a bomb,
a device on the railroad to try to
derail it by an explosive as the train
went by, and it was full of stuff like
this.
I saw big tanks. It looked like propane
tanks in America moving around. Now,
what is going on with this?
They're saying they were
sending
them
to China and Pakistan. Iran was doing
that.
So Iran is sending all that
because they can't do it through
the strait,
so they're doing it through
trains. So they're doing it through
trains, planes, and automobiles.
Yeah.
Wow, interesting. Okay, next.
Yeah, that's pretty much it. Yeah, and
you have this.
So it kind of slowed.
Yeah.
Police investigate videos of men
mysteriously emerging from New York City
sewers.
The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
They're coming up out of the sewers.
What are these mysterious men doing? I
said we've got to pray over our subways.
I saw them taking explosive devices
in the days ahead. The Lord said, "Pray
for these devices,"because I saw them
trying to flood the East River and
the Hudson, trying to cause a flood in
there to keep people trapped with water,
and they couldn't get out, they drowned.
And it was not just a couple of people.
We're talking a lot of people drowning
in subway cars.
Yeah.
Okay, is that it?
Yeah,
so they're going to find them. And now
here, we have a
huge—now,
I want you to see this. I
don't know if this is the Chicago area, but
they had a big party for the Muslims.
And I want to show you how they
made it so kid-friendly. Go ahead,
play this.
I don't know if you have the sound.
No, I don't want to hear it. I don't want to
hear
what
all that stuff they're doing.
So they had a huge event,
and this is in Illinois.
Kids.
They're ringing around the rosie.
They're having a party,
and they have inflatables, face
painting. They're doing an outreach.
Feed the goats,
ride the mule, ride the camel. They have
playground rides and everything for the
Muslim kids.
Come into your town,
if we don't stand up and have revival
ourselves,
this is why I'm telling you
folks, it's time to wake up. We got to
have revival. It's time to have a major
move of God. That's in Illinois. That's
not too far away.
Yeah, I believe it's the UK.
This one is—so now they're doing it in
the United Kingdom.
I don't know if we're just seeing it more
because of social media and this has
always gone on, you know, but to me, I
just—I
don't know if there's bigger crowds
now.
It looks to me like there's more than
I've ever seen before. They're having
these huge prayer vigils and things in
the streets.
Do you know that the meteor that
crashed into America, that
everybody heard, was five feet across and
over 12,000 pounds?
12,000 pounds is what they're saying,
right?
Yeah.
Can you play that? Do you have that?
I don't think Mom sent me.
Did Mom not send it to you? She got it
from somebody who emailed her. Somebody
emailed it to my wife and she said,
"Brandon, this thing was massive."A
12,000-pound
meteor that came in, and what did the
Lord say? He said there was coming
a time whenever there would
be one that would come. I saw it go over
the
Seattle area, and it went all the way
across from west to
east up north, like over that area.
Not Philadelphia, yeah,
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, all that
area. And I saw
it. It was so loud that it broke the
glass out of the houses. It broke the
glass out of cars. It was so loud and so
violent that it shattered glass,
and it was making people's ears ring,
and you could hear it. It sounded like a
sonic boom went across the whole nation.
And I saw the big,
demonic-looking
thing that looked like skeleton hands
clap its hands, and he plowed it across
like that. Does anybody remember that?
So there are things the Lord keeps showing
us, and we keep praying about it. But we
see something going over Maine and
all that, and
that
was amazing. 12,000 pounds—that's a
big rock.
I wonder if they could find it. What if
it had anything neat in it?
So, is that it?
Yeah, you should send me.
Don't worry about
it, baby.
Yeah.
A
fireball had a massive 5.6 metric
tons—5.6
metric tons or more than 12,000
pounds.
More than 12,000 pounds.
Yes.
It was traveling at 42,000
miles per hour.
Do you remember I said they won't be
able to shoot it down with a
rocket, the big one that I saw coming?
And I could even pinpoint it where it
was in the sky. And the Lord gave me the
name. It was numbers, and I had a
couple of letters by it. And he said,
"They've not made this public."And I
saw this massive rock. And he spoke to
me, and I gave it to
Diana, and she kept it in our files of
what the Lord called this rock. And he
said they've not made it public. And I saw this
massive rock that was headed this way,
but they could not shoot it down with
missiles. They used laser technology to
split it. And whenever it did, it split
in half. And half of it disintegrated
and made a lot of little ones, but the
one was massive. And it hit in the
Atlantic Ocean. It was a massive rock
that hit in the Atlantic Ocean.
Now, I've seen two different rocks, two
different events, but it made the water
boil.
It made the ocean boil. It was so hot.
Now, I don't know why it would cause it
to boil, but the water was so
hot and it killed the fish—all the
fish. That's why I saw all the fish dead
on the beaches in Miami. There were dead
fish all over the islands. San Juan,
Puerto Rico, had dead fish everywhere.
And it stunk.
I could see it produced
disease because there were so many dead
fish.
So, I don't know. You know, a lot of
people say, "Well, Brandon, you're
looking into tribulation."Could be. I
could be looking into tribulation.
I don't know. A lot of times, what
I'm seeing, I just keep praying, and
the Lord shows me things and he tells me
to pray about it, and I think it's
interesting when I see it. I just go,
"Wow."Part
of what I forgot to tell
you all last night was praying over
Malibu.
It was highlighted to me
specifically when I was praying over the
Supreme Court judge, but the Lord said
specifically, "Pray over Malibu."Now, I
don't know what's going to happen at
Malibu, but the Lord said there's
something about Malibu.
Now, I don't know. I didn't even know
where it was, honestly. You know, they
had to show me on the map, but
it's in California,
of course, but I just thought it was
interesting because when the
Lord showed me, I could see the water, I
could see things, and he said, "Pray over
this area. There's something about this
area."It
was an
earthquake—it
looked like to me a major earthquake.
So, epicenter.
All right. Is that it?
Yeah.
Well, let's pray. How long did that
take?
37 minutes. Not too
bad. Did you get anything out of it? We
got a little bit of articles there, but
we gave you a lot last night. And
to me,
some days are kind of boring news days.
There's not a lot of stuff. I just
go—some
of the digital ID stuff, if you want
to, but
okay. I remember him. He was over—I
don't—he
was when Bush was in.
Yeah. They're talking about the shots.
They can track you or something like
that.
Yeah.
Okay, play it. Let him see it.
You got it.
Why? Because in order to open an
account, you need to have an ID,
right?
And
I have to say that when we
started this job, there were actually
very few countries in Africa or Latin
America that had one ubiquitous type of
ID, and certainly that it was digital,
and certainly there was biometric. And
we've really worked with all our
partners to actually help
grow this, and the
interesting part of it is that,
yes, it is very necessary for financial
services, but not only. Sure. It's
also good for school enrollment, it's
also good for health—who actually got a
vaccination or not. It's very
good to actually get your subsidies
from the government. So this
does
not only affect the financial
services; it is a very important issue.
Sure.
Why
is it?
Yeah,
I wanted to hear him. That's Tony Blair,
is what I believe his name was.
You need to know who's been vaccinated
and who hasn't been. Some of the
vaccines that will come on down the line
will be multiple. There'll be multiple
shots. So you've got to have, for
reasons to do with the healthcare more
generally, but certainly for a pandemic
or for a new one coming,
for vaccines, you've got to have a
proper digital infrastructure, and many
countries don't have that. In fact, most
countries don't have that. You need to
know
who's—I
said a new pandemic's coming, and
they're already
pushing these shots
like candy.
Everybody gets a piece. Man, I got an
eyelash in my eye.
Okay, I think Mom might have done it.
It's like everybody gets a candy. You
get a candy, I get a candy here.
I said it's all coming before this next
plague.
Okay,
let's do this and let's just start
praying, and we'll see where
the Holy Spirit leads us.
Confirmed to me
again—230
tons of TNT.
Yeah, it exploded.
That is an incredible amount
of explosive. 230 tons of TNT.
That's a massive rock. All right, we're
good enough. Ready?
What's that one? That's kind of fun.
Wow, lady.
Okay, so it is part.
Don't worry about it, baby. Keep going.
Yeah,. I mean, she
just
boom heard around southern New England.
NASA says it was a meteorite, and we just
learned it was actually five feet wide,
not three. Don't feel bad, I didn't hear
it either. I was in my car going north,
so I didn't hear about it. But anyways,
we also just found out it weighed over
12,000 pounds. So why didn't we know it
was coming? That's what everyone's
asking. Let's go to the expert now, Mike
Cerullo.
He's talking with an expert.
He's live in Providence with what you've
learned. Hi, Mike.
No, it's not.
Not a bird,
not a plane,
but a meteorite. This flash in the sky
caught on camera in New York left
southern New England stunned Saturday.
With virtually no warning, NASA says it
came crashing through the atmosphere at
roughly 42,000 miles an hour, then traveled
26 miles from northwest to southeast
before breaking apart just before
landing in the Cape Cod Bay.
Why do you think we didn't have much
warning?
There is a lot of material of this size.
It's virtually impossible to
know in advance of this
size of object coming. Brown University
professor Ralph Milliken says scientists
are more worried about much larger
objects,
things that are on the scale of say 100
meters, you know, 200 to 300
meters.
He says NASA tries to track ones of that
size and has been developing technology
to deflect them if needed. Still, what
happened over the weekend
was admittedly larger than most of the
space debris that reaches Earth. The
estimates are that we probably have
about 5,000 tons of cosmic dust and
material and meteorites landing on
Earth. The vast majority of that is
super, super tiny stuff. We're talking
things that are smaller than
a grain of sand. For something of this
size, a few feet across, it's not that
common, but a few a year.
Scientists track events like this. Each
dot on this map represents a fireball
dating back to 1988. And most of these
would occur over uninhabited areas over
the ocean and we wouldn't be able to see
them, but they are detected.
And there could be small pieces of that
meteorite in the Cape Cod Bay. In
theory, a magnet fisherman could go and
try and pluck them out of the water, but
I'm told that would be like searching
for a needle in a haystack. Live in
Providence, Mike Cerullo, NBC 10 News.
It's pretty cool.
All right, let's pray.
Thank you, Braden.
Yeah,
we enjoy it, all your hard work. Thank
you, Braden.
We work together. I love that part of
it. I enjoy all your hard stuff you
do, son.
Father, we just thank you, Father, for
the body. We thank you, Father, for this
time of prayer. Holy Spirit, we yield
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force.
We lift up this time before you and we
attract to deflect. We go vertical,
Father. We keep our eyes, we keep our
heart towards you, Father, in this
night, this time, Father. And we thank
you, Lord. If there's anything you want
to show us of that which is to come,
Father, we're in the right place at the
right time doing exactly what you've
asked us to do in these end times. And
we thank you, Father, for the body that
was
mauled to nothing. You took it all
for us so that we're able to come before
your throne boldly.
And we take this body in the name of
Jesus and we give you all the glory,
honor, and praise for what you did for
us that we could enter in and sit at
your feet and say, "Jesus, we're here.
We love you.
Thank you for your relationship.
Thank you, Father, that we are able to
not just be outcasts, but we're your
sons and your daughters,
joint heirs with Jesus Christ, wall-to-wall
Holy Ghost
expecting your soon return. And we take
this body in the name of Jesus and we
thank you, Father. We thank you for all
that you've done. We thank you, Father, for
the healing power that flows for us in
Jesus'name.
Amen.
Lord, we make much of the blood tonight.
I plead the blood over my eyes,
Father. I thank you, Lord, that I only hear
and see what you want me to see
uninterrupted, like I said, by any
demonic spirits. I thank you, Father,
that we yield ourselves to you, to the
anointing of the prophetic, the
anointing of the watchmen. And I
thank you, Father, that you show us that
which is to come. Father, if
there's anything you want to show us,
Father,
we're here for it. We're here for you.
We're not here to perform or
parrot, but Father, we're here to be a
voice and not be an echo
to warn the people of that which is on
the wall coming from a distance.
We thank you, Father, that we have eyes
to see with great binoculars,
that we can see what the enemy is
planning way in advance, that we're not
caught off guard, that we know exactly
the plan of the enemy because of you,
Holy Spirit. Show us, Holy Spirit,
that
which is to come, just like
the word says you would do. We take the
blood right now in Jesus'name, and we
enter into the throne room boldly.
Have your way, Lord, in Jesus'name. We
take the blood.
Have your own way, Lord.
Have your own way.
You are the
potter.
I am the clay.
Mold me and make me
after thy will
while I am waiting,
yielded and still.
Have thy own way, Lord.
Have thy own way.
Search me and try me,
Savior today.
Wash me just now, Lord,
wash me just now.
As in thy presence
humbly I bow.
Have thy own way, Lord.
Have thy own way.
Thou art the potter.
I am the clay.
Mold me and make me
after thy will.
While I am waiting,
yielded and still.
I come to the garden alone.
I'll keep singing this while you find
it. Have thy own way, Lord.
Have thy own way.
I come to the garden alone
while the dew
is still on the rose
and the voice
I hear
falling on my ear,
the Son
of God
discloses.
And
he
walks
with me and he talks
with me
and he tells
me I am his
own,
and the joy
we share
as we
tarry
there,
none other
has ever
known.
I come to
the garden
alone
while the dew
is still on
the roses
and the voice
I hear
falling on my ear,
the Son
of God
discloses.
And
he
walks
with me and he talks
with me
and he tells
me I am his own,
and the joy
we share
as we
tarry
there,
none other
has ever known.
I like it.
That's it.
And I want to sing it again, this part
right here. And
he walks.
Make it personal to you. Sing it to him.
Don't sing just words.
Sing it to him.
Make it personal that
you're in that garden,
that you're in that garden. Don't make
God out here; make God in here.
When you're singing a song to him, when
you're singing it, don't sing it out
here, from here. Sing it from here,
and the more you do that, he'll become
real.
It's too much head, not enough heart.
Add it and flow,
but as you picture yourself, and he
walks with me and he talks with me
and he tells
me I am his own,
and the joy
we share
as we
tarry
there,
none other
has ever
known.
It's intimate.
Sing it again. And
he
walks. He's walking with me.
And he talks
with me.
And he tells
me I am his own,
and the joy
we share
as we
tarry
there,
none other
has ever
known.
Thank you, Father,
because I come to the garden alone with
you
in the early morning hours.
I come
to the garden
alone
while the dew
is still on
the rose
and the voice
I hear
falling on my ear,
the Son
of God discloses.
I love the words.
Holy Spirit, my heart's cry
tonight
is that you become so real to the people
that are watching,
that you become personal, that they say,
"My
God,"not
somebody else, but you become so
personal to them
that they find you.
I ask you, Holy Spirit, to flood their
hearts and their lives.
We bridge the gap. I see it.
That is pretty neat.
I see the gap being bridged by hands.
They're being touched by arms
stretching to arms,
hands stretching and touching hands,
and I see the bridge.
Holy
Spirit,
you are welcome
in
this place.
Holy Spirit,
you are welcome
in
this place.
Omnipotent
Father
of mercy
and grace,
Thou art welcome
in
this place.
Holy Spirit,
you are welcome
in
this place.
Holy Spirit,
you are welcome
in this place.
Omnipotent
Father
of mercy
and grace,
Thou art welcome
in
this place.
Lord, in thy presence
there's healing
divine.
No other
power
can save, Lord,
but thine.
Holy Spirit,
you are welcome
here in
this place.
Holy Spirit,
you are welcome
in
this place.
Omnipotent
Father
of mercy
and grace,
Thou art welcome
in
this place.
Thou art welcome
in
this place.
Holy Spirit,
we
yield,
for in your presence
there's healing
divine.
No other
power
can save, Lord,
but thine,
Holy Spirit.
It's that
lower octave. I can
hear it.
It's the soft keys on the piano.
Holy Spirit.
I can hear it on the soft keys.
It's just that small touch.
I can hear it.
Hallelujah.
You have won the victory.
You have given it all for me.
Death could not hold you down.
You are the
risen
king
seated in
majesty.
You have won the victory.
Hallelujah.
You have won it all for me.
Death could not hold you down.
You are the
risen
king
seated in
majesty.
You are the
risen
king.
Hallelujah.
You have won the victory.
You have won it all for me.
Death could not hold you down.
You are the risen king
seated in
majesty.
You are the
risen
king.
Hallelujah.
Oh, Father.
You have won
the victory.
Hallelujah.
You have won
it all for me.
Death could not hold you down.
You are the
risen
king
seated in
majesty.
You are the
risen
king. Hallelujah. I could hear it, so it echoes. Oh,
Father, we pray your heart tonight. We enter in by
worship and thanksgiving. I do it. Hallelujah. You have won
the victory. Hallelujah. You have won it all for me.
Death could not hold you down. You are the risen
king seated in majesty. You are the risen king,
all to Jesus. I surrender all.
You have to surrender.
It's at that place of surrender.
I
surrender
all,
all to Jesus.
I
surrender
all
to him, I freely
give.
I
will ever
love and trust him,
in
his presence
daily
live.
I
surrender
all.
I
surrender
all.
All
to thee, my
blessed
Savior,
I
surrender
all,
all
to Jesus.
I
surrender.
Humbly
at his feet I bow.
Worldly
pleasures
all forsaken.
Take me, Jesus,
take me now.
I
surrender
all.
I
surrender
all.
All to thee, my blessed
Savior,
I
surrender
all.
There's something about the surrender,
isn't it?
When you surrender all,
when we surrender all, all to you,
Father, all to you.
We surrender all.
It's that place at the cross. It's that
place of that death. I surrender all.
I've given everything. I've given my
all.
You good?
That's it.
Verse
one.
All to Jesus
I
surrender.
All to him I freely
give.
I
will ever
love
and trust him,
in his presence
daily
live.
I
surrender
all.
I
surrender
all.
All
to thee, my
blessed
Savior.
I
surrender
all.
I surrender my life, Lord.
I surrender my heart.
I surrender my
thoughts.
I surrender the persecution. I
surrender. I surrender all.
I surrender the pain.
I surrender. Lord,
I surrender. It's like when you
why you raise your
hands. You know, you tell the policeman,
he says, "Raise your hand. I surrender.
I
surrender."It's
I give my all. I surrender.
I'm yielded
to the enemy, to the Lord. I
surrender. Right? When you raise your
hand, you're just waving the white flag.
We surrender. I give
everything to you. I give it over to
you. I surrender my desires. I surrender
my wants. I surrender my
finances. I surrender my marriage. I
surrender my children. I give it all
to you.
I surrender the addictions.
I surrender.
I can't do this on my own. He doesn't
expect you to. I surrender all.
I surrender the opioid
addictions, the meth addiction, the
crack, the whatever, pornography,
alcohol, whatever you're dealing with. I
surrender my all to you tonight.
I surrender my life.
I meet you at the place called there. I
need you. I can't do this without you
anymore. I've been running. I've been
wayward.
And tonight, you may be at
that place of, "I'm at the end of my rope
and there's no other way to go."But I
surrender my all to you, Jesus. I need
you. He's never left you, and
he's never forsaken you. He's always
been there in an ever-present time of need.
As we sing this, and I'm going to sing
it one more time, I want you just to
really think about where you're not
surrendered.
Where in your life does he not have all?
I say it to myself, too.
Where does he not have all?
Where have you held back just a little
bit for you?
"This is mine. I don't want you to touch
it."But
you can't do nothing with
it.
There's so many of you that, if you
die tonight, you're going to hell.
And you might be having your last
opportunity right now to accept Jesus
Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
And it could be your last opportunity to
give him your all.
You've been wayward. You're
not living right. You know it.
And as I sing this again, the
moment you get real with God, God
will become real with you. It's the
fakeness. He sees your heart. He sees
the motives of your heart. He sees
everything. He sees when you say it,
when you truly mean it. I surrender my
all to you tonight, Lord.
I'm not holding back anything from you.
For the eyes of the Lord
are running to and fro throughout the
whole earth, looking for a heart who's
perfect toward him.
He's examining his bride right now as he
brings her to his side.
Search me, Lord, and know me.
I want to be the apple of his eye.
Hide
me in the shadow of your wings. Hide me
in that presence. Keep me as the apple
of your eye, Lord.
But the only way you do that is
surrender.
Give him everything tonight.
Hold nothing back.
And if I'm talking to you and
you say, "Brendan, I don't know Jesus,
but I want to,"I want to say a simple
prayer with you. But as I
sing this one more time, I want you to
put in the comment section, "Tonight's
my night. I'm coming home. Tonight's my
night. I want Jesus. I want to say the
sinner's prayer. I'm not running
anymore. I'm giving him everything that
I've been keeping, that I've been hiding.
And I'm getting real with God
tonight."And
then we're going to say a simple
prayer,
and I say, "All
to Jesus
I
surrender,
all
to him I freely
give."He's
not forcing you. "I
will ever
love
and trust him,
in his presence
daily
live.
I
surrender
all.
I
surrender
all.
All
to thee, my
blessed
Savior,
I
surrender
all."Say,
"Jesus,
I believe you are the Son of God.
Jesus, I believe you died for me and you
rose again on the third day.
Tonight, Jesus, I surrender all. I
surrender everything to you. I surrender
my addictions. I surrender my marriage.
I surrender it all to
you because I can't fix this. Only you
can.
And as of tonight, Lord, I make you my
Lord and personal Savior.
Forgive me of my sins. Lord, forgive me
of where I've tried to not
surrender everything over to you.
Tonight, I turn my back on the devil. I
turn my back on the sin. And from this
day forward, Lord, I'll serve you with
all my heart. I ask you to write my name
in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Tonight's my night.
I surrender all to you, and I'm born
again.
Behold,
the old things are passed away. Behold,
all things are become new.
And I believe that tonight I am a
born-again
Christian. I'm born again. I've
surrendered all to you, Lord. Thank you,
Lord. Have your way with my life.
Thank you, Lord, that if I was to die
tonight, I'll be with you in paradise
forever."I
believe if you just said that simple
prayer, I believe you just gave your
heart to Jesus Christ
as you surrendered your all to him
tonight.
Now, what do you do? I'd go to
a Bible-believing church, one that preaches
the gospel. You get in, you get plugged
in there. Tell the pastors,
whoever's there, say, "Listen, I'd like to
be water baptized."Get water-baptized.
Come over here, be a part of our YouTube
channel. Get involved in that church
for sure. Get over there, get involved,
get classes, whatever they've got going
on, prayer, whatever. Come over here,
like, subscribe, be a part of our
YouTube channel. Come over and pray with
us. We're excited you're here.
And read your Bible every single day. If
you don't have a Bible, we will send you
a Bible absolutely for free. All you
have to do is email us in the
description down below and just say, "I
got born
again,"and
give
us your name and your address and a
place to send the Bible, and we will send
you the Bible just to love on you. We
just want to tell you, "Welcome to the
family."We're
a little behind on it.
Diana is trying to get caught up, but we
will get your Bible to you. We want
to tell you, "Welcome to the family.
Welcome home."If you
just gave back your heart to the Lord
and you said, "Hey, I'm living
right, Brandon. I'm going to come back
and I'm going to do
right,"welcome
home. We want to love on you. We just
want to tell you we're proud of
you. Thank God for you. And we
don't want to solicit you. We're not
going to ask you for anything. We just
want to love on you to give you a Bible.
So, if that's you
and
if you would like to have that, you
can email us. But
isn't it wonderful? Isn't Jesus
wonderful? And isn't it wonderful to be
saved?
To know, to have a blessed assurance.
Blessed assurance,
Jesus
is mine!
Oh, what a
foretaste
of glory
divine!
Heir of salvation,
purchase
of God,
born of His Spirit,
washed in His blood.
How many people got born again tonight,
Braden? Did anybody give their hearts to
Jesus?
This is my story,
this is my song,
praising my Savior
all the day long.
This is my story,
this is my song,
praising my Savior
all the day long.
Perfect submission,
perfect delight,
visions of rapture
now burst on my sight.
Anybody get born again?
Seventeen.
Seventeen
gave their hearts to Jesus Christ.
That's wonderful.
Seventeen
born again.
Thank You, Father.
Now,
the Lord put out that net,
and He said, "Brandon, do this."I did
it, and I'm thankful for all
seventeen
of you and many more to come.
If you truly realize how close we are to
His return,
nothing else matters to Him. He doesn't
want anybody going to hell.
Now, Father, every single one of them,
we call them healed and whole and well.
Tonight, we believe, Father, that
they're healed from the top of their
head to the soles of their feet.
I see on the left
side, the ear is popping open,
your eardrum. There's something
been going on with your eardrum and that
canal. I see it in the vision right now.
And in your ear, there
are
new fragments. Those hair,
those little bone hairs, they're
coming back
inside. Your hearing has been
lost because of these little hairs,
these little, they're like
crystal-like
things. I'm seeing them;
they're like little things inside
your ear. And the Lord is healing that
right now in the name of Jesus.
Be healed and whole and well in your
ear.
Restored from the top of your head to
the soles of your feet.
The power of the Holy Spirit flow
through that ear.
You just heard a pop. Yep, I heard
it,
I
saw
it.
That's wonderful.
Touched.
I don't know who you are, but please
email us and let us know that you got
healed tonight. That's exciting.
New things of the ears. New ear,
new ear.
Here, here.
I see Branson again.
There's going to be a great revival in
Branson.
There's going to be a great move of God
in Branson.
Why? The theaters,
they'll be packed full of people and
healings and demonstrations.
I'm telling you, I see this.
The hotels will be full.
A great revival is coming to Branson
and the Homestead Pickers,
they'll be playing. I'm telling you,
there's going to be glorious, like
bluegrass,
beautiful music. It's going to be
wonderful,
like tent meetings with Sister
Billie.
Sister Billie and Billy Burke. I'm
telling you, Billy Burke is going to be
there, too.
I don't know when, but it's going to
happen. I see my friend there.
It's going to be bathed in prayer.
And the glory is
going to come on, my friends.
Y'all better get ready.
This is going to be
exciting.
The
Lord said, "Don't get out ahead of Me.
Stay in sync with Me. Stay in sync with
Me.
Don't get out ahead of Me. Stay in sync
with
Me."It's
like the beat of a drum.
The passion will drive
it—being
passionate—but
stay in sync with Me.
Don't let passion push you out
ahead of Me. Don't let passion
and being enthusiastic push you out ahead
of Me.
Stay in sync with Me like the beating of
the drum.
And I see it on the leaves,
the fall
leaves.
I see the leaves,
so pretty.
I see the fall leaves,
and
I see the fog.
And the people are flying in from
everywhere.
The people will fly in
from everywhere,
for
I see it very clear.
You know the Christmas, what I'm talking
about, like when that fog,
when it's getting ready to go
from hot
to
cool, it's that morning
fog. I can see it on
the hills, the Ozarks.,
Abba,
You know it. "Here I am,
humbled by Your majesty,
covered by Your grace, so free.
And now
I've
found
the greatest love of all
is mine
since You laid down Your life,
the greatest sacrifice.
Majesty,
majesty,
Your grace has found me just as I am,
empty-handed
but alive in Your hand.
Majesty,
majesty,
forever I am changed by Your
love."I
could hear it
when I was looking at the mountains.
"So here
I stand,
humbled by the love that You give,
forgiven so that I can forgive.
So here
I stand,
knowing that I'm Your desire,
sanctified by glory and fire.
And now
I've
found the greatest love of all
is mine since You laid down Your life,
the greatest sacrifice.
Majesty,
majesty,
Your grace has found me just as I am,
empty-handed
but alive in Your
hand."You
know, there's certain things that
I have prayed for for so long, and
I know I'm not that old, but I have been
like a bloodhound on a trail.
And I've looked forward to this
end-time
move. And when I get glimpses like I
just got,
it blesses me so because I know we're
getting close.
When you see all the people
in the place be healed,
there's a level of the glory that
we've never experienced before, but a
level of His majesty and a level of His
mystery of this right here:
"forever I am changed by Your love
in the presence of Your
majesty."This
is a level of the glory.
I'm forever changed by His love.
And I see
tonight a major revival that's coming.
And we flood the place tonight. Flood
the places of Australia and Canada and
over England and over
Europe, all over, Father, the Middle
East, Father, Asia, Africa, we call
South America, Brazil, a major revival
in the name of Jesus.
A major revival from sea to shining sea
all around this world. I call a shaking
to awaken, oh God,
for it's the goodness of God that brings
men to repentance.
"Your grace has found me just as I am,
empty-handed
but alive in Your
hands."We're
singing, "Majesty,
majesty,
forever I am changed by Your love
in the presence
of Your
majesty."Healing.
Okay.
I'm at an event in Washington, D.C.
I see a blanket covering
Minnesota,
a patchwork quilt blanket.
I've seen that blanket before.
A major blanket of His presence is
coming over Minnesota.
It will be thick like a blanket.
You
know when you throw a blanket over you,
it will be like a blanket covering
Minnesota, a blanket of His love, a
patchwork quilt
over
Minnesota.
And it will be
a
thick, tangible presence of God over
Minnesota.
There's change coming to Minnesota.
I'm going to say there's change coming to
Minnesota.
A blanket of His love.
Do you feel that?
For
I apply the blood,
and grounded.
We call healing to their bodies, to the
elders'bodies,
that their youth is
renewed like the eagles. We pray over
Billy, my friend. We pray over Billye
Brim.
We pray over John Kilpatrick. I
don't know him, but Father, I pray over
his health. I pray over his body. I pray
over his weight. I pray over his heart.
I pray over his liver. I pray over his
body right now in the name of Jesus. And
we call restore, restore, restore,
restore, restore. Everything the
cankerworm tried to eat, we call
restored
over his joints, over his body, over his
knees, over his tendons.
We call tendons to be rebuilt. We call
tendons to be healed.
Cartilage be restored. We call the body to
function like it was designed to.
Mind function,
no brain fog, clear smooth thinking
in the name of Jesus.
Healed and whole and well
over Perry Stone's health. We call Perry
Stone restored. We call Perry Stone
delivered from all things that try
to ail his body. Some of it is
self-inflicted, the Lord said, but some
of it is not. But we repent and
restore all the way from the top of the head to
the bottom.
It's by diet, what you eat. The Lord said
it's what he's been on me about: 'Get
your weight off. Take care of yourself.
Live long. Finish strong.'It's a lot of
things with people when you're eating
bad. The Lord said it's because what
you're sowing in your mouth, you're
reaping in your body. That's what the
Lord just said. You're eating bad and
it's reaping in your flesh.
Eat good and your flesh will
line
up with it, right?
Seedtime
and harvest. That's what the Lord
is
showing me. Some of it is bad seeds. We
call crop failure, but we repent
and we turn away
from it. But the Lord will restore back
everything. Watch. He's a God of
restoration.
He restores. He fixes it. He
fixes it
because his grace is sufficient for us.
Thank you, Father.
Father, I thank you, Lord,
raising up the
leaders, raising up the voices in this
last day. Raise them up. Raise them up
in Africa. Raise them up all throughout
South Africa. Raise them up,
Father. Raise them up.
I'm seeing Africa. I'm
seeing Africa. We raise them up all over
Africa—voices,
leaders without
compromise. I see a lot of compromise in
the leadership and the churches in
Africa. Corruption.
And the Lord said, 'I'm raising up new
Davids
where
there'll be no
compromise.'I
see a lot of people practicing
witchcraft,
and I see financial corruption in the
church.
And the Lord said, 'I'm restoring back
great fountains of revival,
healing, and wholeness, and wellness will
flow from
them.'And
there'll
be—I
see Muslims giving their hearts across
the land. Muslims giving their hearts
across the land in Africa where Muslims
seem to
be
growing, and it's going to
start to stop, and
there'll be a wave of his glory, a wave
of his presence.
We call it over Brazil. We call it
all over the elections.
Father, we thank you, Lord, over
Colombia, over
Cuba,
Venezuela.
Major revival in the name of Jesus.
We call revival over Brazil. We call revival
over Argentina, Venezuela, over
the land, over South Korea. Father, we're
calling it over the Philippines. We call
it
in Thailand, Taiwan. And Father,
we call a major revival
in the
presence
of Jehovah,
God Almighty,
Prince of Peace.
Troubles vanish,
hearts are mended.
I see a golden, beautiful light
shining on Asia.
In the presence
of
Jehovah,
God Almighty,
Prince of Peace,
Troubles
vanish,
hearts are mended
in the presence
of the King.
We call healing and wholeness over this
nation today.
I see these different colors on
each state. That's what's interesting.
I see the colors on the
states—different
shades of brown, different
shades of browns.
He's raising
up new leaders. He's going to raise up
new leaders—faces that you've never
seen before. New faces and new leaders are coming.
He's taking back the—it's like it's
been a covering and he's taking it
back.
We pray over President Trump
today—over
his health, over his
veins, over his mind,
over his body right now in
Jesus'name.
Over Ivanka, Tiffany,
Barron,
Eric, and Don Jr., we pray a hedge
around and about them in the name of
Jesus, that no weapon formed against them
would prosper. We put a
bloodline
around and about the family, over
Marco Rubio, over JD Vance. We thank
you, Lord, that there's a covering over
them. Thank you, Lord, that the
decisions that they make in the next
couple of days will be decisions that
will shake the nations.
We call the Clarity Act done because I'm
ready. I'm ready for Jesus Christ to
come.
No more holding it back. Let's get this
show on the road. Let the ball
roll. Let's get this thing done so we
can go home.
Father, I thank you that we're ready and
we're in position,
that none of us will be taken off guard,
that Father, the flow, Father, flow.
Every one of us will just flow.
Thank you, Lord.
The Lord, the Holy Spirit said,
'Brandon,
I'm done with everything that
I wanted to do tonight.'This
is
what he just said.
It was about the surrender. He said to
me, 'I was looking for the surrender.
I'm looking for this surrender to the
ones that will just
surrender.'That's
what he said. My main focus was
to the ones that were here.
He said, 'That's what I was looking for.
To the ones that were here, I'm looking
for a surrender
to the ones that will be here
later.'That
was pretty interesting what he just
did, Braden.
When he says he's done, he's never said that
because I was pushing. I was trying to
look to see if he wanted to show me
anything else. He said, 'I've shown you
everything. You're done. You need to
be
done.'Yeah,
like you're done. You need to like—I'm like
right there.
It was about President Trump praying
as these—I see him in the valley of
decision,
but I see crypto coming like
something, and I see decisions
being made,
these decisions.
So, we'll praise the Lord. Interesting,
huh?
6,400.
Thank you, Lord, for every person who's
here tonight, and they're represented.
They're here, and I just bless
them. Thank you for spending time with
us in prayer. We lift them up, every
single one of them. Father, may they have a
wonderful day tomorrow.
Father, I thank you for health in their
bodies, strength in their bones.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that every
single one of them walk in blessing, and
Father, that they lack no good thing. We
pray a covering over their minds, over
their marriages, over their
children tonight, and we give you all
the glory, honor, and praise as we go to
midweek.
We're so grateful, Father, for the
midweek
Wednesday.
We're so thankful, Father, for all that
you've done.
We pray a protection over it.
I just sit in his presence.
Every time is always different,
but
we love y'all. When he says he's done,
I'm done.
You know, you say, 'Well, I don't
agree.'Well,
listen to him. I follow
him. He said, 'I'm done with what I
needed today.'So, God bless you all. We
love you. Remember, put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart, and
we will be back again tomorrow.
We'll pray with you, pray with you. I
know there's more singing, but that's
what was on his heart. So, I love it. I
love to be in his presence. Isn't Jesus
wonderful? He just wants us to have a
wonderful night and be refreshed. So
many people are weary, and God wants
this burden off of you.
Life is supposed to be beautiful and
fun, but we choose to carry the care.
And I don't want to carry the care.
We cast the
care off. It's not ours to carry;
it's his. He called us to pray and align
up with him. So, we just flow. We flow.
It's a
symphony. So, God bless you all. We love
you. Sleep well. Put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you so much and we love you. God
bless you and we'll see you again.
Bye-bye.